I want to come up with some architecture. Our API server will get dispatch requests.
WE need to process dispatch request. Daily there could be 1K dispatch request through out the country. 

We have a few entities. Technician mobile app(flutter), .net backend, SQL Server DB.

Now to process each dispatch request we need to do a few steps. 
Steps to process each dispatch:
Stage A:
1. Get nearest TECHNICIAN LIST withing 10mile redius. We have api + functions already. Just need to call it.
2. Get metadata from DB for each TECHNICIAN. 
3. Send PUSH Notification into mobile app using AWS SNS to get ETA from EACH technician. 


Technician will submit an ETA from the mobile app and the mobile app will send the ETA to the .NET server. 

Our system will wait for maximum X seconds for technicians response. If all replies before X seconds or X second passed we will move to Stage B. 

Stage B:
1. We filter & sort the technician list based on the metadata and other staff(no need to focus on here, we have own algorithm to rank).
2. considering the rank list in Stage-B, step 1, Send accept/reject request to 1st Technicians mobile. 
3. If first tech dont respond within K seconds then send accept/reject request to 2nd Technicians mobile where 1st technician will still have the capability to accept/reject.
4. If any technician accepts then other technician accept/reject window will gone. 
5. If no technician explicitly accepts then we will move the dispatch request to escelated column.

Same technician might be in common between multiple dispatch request. On that case, technican may have multiple accept/reject offer. 
Once he accept any, other jobs should be rejected. 
We cant process each dispatch one by one because to resolve a request, it can take 5-10min. We need to think about parallel processing.

This is our business problem. we dont want to handle everything over our .net server. So we need to define architecture for it. 
I want a possible solution where we can tackle the situation easily. Also good for cost and scalability.



Dont tell me API contracts. Highest you may mention necessery api's for understanding. 

I just want to understand the solution in high level, what will be the entities. 